---
title: Day 17 '21
tags: [Poetry]
style: fill
color: light
description: National Poetry Writing Month | Theme - Write a poem that is about, or that involves, the moon.
---
A brief climb onto the hill,<br/>
Roaming the flat, infertile terrain,<br/>
Trees, with leaves, refrained,<br/>
Shrubbery from the land, forfend.<br/>
<br/>
The sun, dipped down, <br/>
Retiring his burning crown,<br/>
The air getting chilly,<br/>
Dusk setting slowly.<br/>
<br/>
From within the gaps,<br/>
Of the intertwining trees,<br/>
Caught a glimpse of a ball peeping,<br/>
A ball, red & yellow, as if warming.<br/>
<br/>
Rushing forward for a glimpse,<br/>
The red ball nowhere to be seen,<br/>
Instead a stout fruit, hanging from the branch, so lean,<br/>
An iridescent, off-white fruit.<br/>
<br/>
The closer we got, father it went,<br/>
Moon, why the chasing game? <br/>
What or who you really are?<br/>
Your form so ever-changing.<br/>
<br/>
An abode of the Hindu Gods, <br/>
Or an astronomer's delight ? <br/>
Someone prays to you, <br/>
Someone adjusts his telescope to observe you.<br/>
<br/>
You stayed there, at the end, <br/>
Of the winding & narrow path, <br/>
The path which would not lead to you, <br/>
For we the petty, arrogant humans.<br/>
<br/>
The evening transmuted into night, <br/>
The crooked roads darkened, <br/>
Were lit up with your luminance, <br/>
Your bulbous sphere, a lamp from distance.<br/>
<br/>
An analogy of beauty for the lovers,<br/>
A company from the window for the loners,<br/>
Chandra Deva for the worshippers, <br/>
A hope in the eerie dark for the believers.<br/>
— <i>Madhura Pawar</i>
<br/> <br/>
Note - Here are some pictures I wish to share captured of the moon on that evening which served as 
an inspiration for me to pen these lines. These are clicked by my extremely talented, kind and nature loving 
friends - Vaibhav & [Sourav](https://www.instagram.com/souravkulkarni/)
{% capture carousel_images %}
/assets/images/moon/1.jfif
/assets/images/moon/4.jpg
/assets/images/moon/5.jfif
{% endcapture %}
{% include elements/carousel.html %}